hey guys adam here and I just wanted to
do kind of a more personal video I've
said put up three videos today but I
want to do a vlog because that's kind of
the most personal video that I know how
to do and i want to say merry Christmas
to all of you I want to say thank it on
my subscribers because just a year ago
actually I started my youtube channel so
this is pretty much the one year mark
and it's pretty cool how far I've come
pretty much the last few months you know
I've gotten most of my subscribers I got
probably till I'd say august i had about
200 from december a little bit august
now i'm up to like over 3,000 like 3,800
almost so that's really awesome i wanna
thank you guys so much for being so
supportive leaving all your good
feedback and stuff like that and i
thought i'd do kind of a little show off
of the stuff I got for Christmas not to
be like is but I got be jealous but just
because I am really proud of what I got
I think it's sweet and I'm really happy
I got it so the first thing is this wide
angle lens and you notice that take this
thing off and it's really narrow the
view and you put this thing back on its
sweet so first thing is the blue Yeti
Pro Mike here it's really awesome it has
really good quality and because that
kind of mounted toward my face here also
got gunnar optiks gaming glasses which
are sweet because they are really
effective there's a lot of people that
say that they don't work there's also a
lot of people who say that do work I can
tell you one hundred percent putting
these things on it's like an instant
relief on your eyes it's super awesome
there's my really messy gaming setup
down there it's terrible I've got cans
everywhere got like my troyton headset
down there along with my controller or
some other crap in there so yeah also
over here this is what's really cool I
got this assault rifle airsoft gun fully
auto it's pretty sweet and let's put the
thing on full show you guys how it
sounds pretty awesome just yeah that
thing's beastly it also is like the
legit weight too I'll get it like a
farther away view here so yeah that's it
right there it looks pretty awesome it's
like 430 FPS with the point two
grandbabies so that's a lot of fun
so yeah my brother got like an ak-47
version of that same specs and
everything a little bit bigger magazine
but uh this is made by after Matt
airsoft see if we can slip this over
here and there it is aftermath awesome
company i had another gun by then and I
messed up the battery so i decided get
another gun and this one I've always
wanted the m4 the old one was an m14 but
yeah so that's pretty much everything
got my with crappy world controller down
there for blind sky dripped on PC and
the mic super excited about the mic and
right now i'm uploading minecraft video
so you guys will probably have seen that
video by now this probably go up after
that but nice nice screen all or my room
is all orange there uh-huh hey guys so
that's pretty much everything again
thank you so much for all your support
and comments and likes and favoriting
and everything it's awesome also thank
you to Dwight and Brendan also known as
potato orgy and brenybeast because
without you guys I would not be where I
am today in terms of YouTube so big
thank you to you guys pretty much made
my youtube query great guys good friends
of mine and yeah so merry Christmas
everyone have a great day and rest a
break happy new year and I think I may
be going up north here in the next
couple of days so probably just upload a
bunch of Skyrim I got tons of skyrim on
my computer so yeah have a great day
happy holidays happy new year I love you
all goodbye alright guys so one last
thing before we go for four today I have
some footage that you might enjoy this
is some footage of my brother and this
is him kind of playing with his new
ak-47 airsoft gun and I didn't think
that he was shooting any rounds out of
it but pretty entertaining I think you
guys will enjoy it
you